Implement the Consensus release process (#4307)
input-output-hk/ouroboros-network: ouroboros-consensus/docs/ReleaseProcess.md

B - the release of FOO-1.0.0 (tag: release-FOO-1.0.0)
A - ...
```

# Installing `scriv` 

To manage the workflow described above, we will use the `scriv` tool. If you use

> `nix` then you already will found `scriv` in the `nix develop` shell. Otherwise,

Reviewer: One still has to use the "old" Nix commands here, as the `flake.nix` is only used by Cicero.
```suggestion
`nix` then you will find `scriv` in the Nix shell. Otherwise,
```
